The biggest limitation of blockchain is latency and data throughput. Panda solves the problem of latency and data throughput by parallel chain, and saves a lot of energy by using POS mechanism. For example, BTC takes at least 30 minutes for data to be confirmed, 7TPS/s, ETH takes a few minutes, panda can reach up to a million TPS through parallel chains, and parallel local chains can even reach millisecond verification speeds. Panda and ETH share a similar vision for an operating system that can build a wide variety of smart contract applications, and because of the parallel chain, every piece of software in the panda system has high performance support. With Panda, you can build smart contract applications that allow everyone to join the public chain with low barriers to entry.

Summary
Panda has introduced a new blockchain architecture, which combines the advantages of Eth and EOS to realize more convenient and intelligent contracts, aiming at the performance extension of distributed applications. This is done by creating an operating system-like architecture that allows you to build applications. The software architecture provides accounts, authentication, databases, asynchronous communication, and program scheduling on hundreds of CPUS or clusters. The final form of the technology is a blockchain architecture that can support millions of transactions per second, is less costly and has commercial applications than BTC and ETH, and the panda underlying public chain is revolutionary, will commercialize blockchain 4.0.

Background
Since the introduction of Bitcoin in 2008, entrepreneurs and developers have been working to promote blockchain technology to support wider adoption on a single blockchain platform. Due to the high cost and limited performance of the existing blockchain platform, the application of blockchain has been widely spread. ETHEREUM three big problems: 1, Network Congestion Inefficient ethereum can only support 20 transactions per second, a popular application can let the network jam. 2. High transaction costs current DAPP creators spend between $1 and $3 on each call to the ethereum smart contract. 3, poor expansion of Dapp in the ether square can only coin, can not link, all the DAPP APP on the ether square can only share a main chain, can support the application scenario is very few. BM criticized Ethernet Square Network Congestion, Vitalik criticized Eos only 21 nodes, nodes less fast of course easy. Both gods were right to attack. Eos is not as secure as ethereum, which has 10,000 nodes. Attacking 21 nodes is much easier than attacking 10,000 nodes. ETHEREUM is not as efficient as EOS. Ethereum used to advertise that EOS could handle millions of transactions per second, but it changed its name a while ago, leaving only a few thousand TPS, which is 100 times faster than ethereum.


1. Consensus Algorithm (Pos)

Pos Algorithm is more environment-friendly and energy-saving than BTC and ETH. This is a new technology, which will break the monopoly of BTC and ETH, further reduce the participation requirements, and truly realize everyone participation, everyone is the shareholder of the common chain system. The only block chain consensus Algorithm (Pos) that can meet the above-mentioned performance requirements is adopted in the architecture. According to this algorithm, the holder of tokens throughout the network can select the block producer through a voting system, and once elected anyone can participate in the production of the block. Expect to produce a block every 3 seconds. At any one time, only one producer is authorized to produce blocks. If a block is not successfully exited at a certain time, the block is skipped. Block generation is a cycle of 21 blocks. At the beginning of each block production cycle, 21 block producers are voted out. The first 20 outliers are selected automatically, and the 21st outliers are selected according to the corresponding probability of the number of votes received. The selected producers are mixed based on the pseudo-random number derived from block time. In order to ensure that the connection between the block as far as possible balance. If the block producer misses a block and has not produced any blocks in the last 24 hours, the blocker will be deleted. This ensures the smooth operation of the network. Under normal circumstances, the POS blockchain will not go through any forks because the block producers cooperate to produce the blocks rather than compete. If there is a block split, the consensus will automatically switch to the longest chain. Blockchains with more producers will grow faster than blockchains with fewer producers. In addition, no block producer should produce blocks on both blockchains at the same time. If a block producer finds out that it has done so, it may be voted out.

2. Design Concept 
Panda is a new blockchain architecture that is designed as an easy-to-use, high-performance blockchain platform to implement performance extensions for distributed applications to meet real-world business needs. This is done by creating an operating system-like architecture that allows you to build applications. The architecture provides accounts, identity and authorization management, policy management, databases, asynchronous communication, and program scheduling on thousands of CPUS, FPGAS, or clusters. The blockchain is a new architecture that supports millions of transactions per second with second-level acknowledgments via low latency and high concurrent hardware acceleration. The architecture definition consists of two parts, the hardware architecture and the accompanying software architecture, which is a High-Performance blockchain architecture that integrates HPC (High Performance Computing) and cloud Computing concepts, the hardware architecture consists of HPC hardware supported distributed core node, General Communication Network and HPC hardware supported cloud terminal. In addition to the network management, Consensus Algorithm and block chain task processing functions supported on the core nodes of the standard block chain software architecture, the core nodes have introduced a software acceleration engine matching the acceleration hardware, through Toe Technology, consensus algorithm acceleration, data compression, data encryption and other technologies to support the million users per second access. The cloud terminal can be a traditional PC, an intelligent terminal, and a terminal device with hardware acceleration.


3. Technical Solution 
3.1 technology advantage panda creates a secure, efficient, traceable, data-free, and reusable social network by building a demand-driven, data-driven, data-driven, data-driven, data-driven, data-subcontracting, and structured social network, in-depth development of data trading platform, through data competition and data decentralized trading system to solve the above pain points. Combining the need of blockchain network with the need of data value discovery and exchange, Panda's architecture is designed according to the following basic principles: Transaction Trust, transaction history record entering into blockchain and forever crediting, low-cost trust transaction between two parties, network, this requires the network both reliability and privacy, while avoiding the data precipitation and other intermediary issues. ? Encourage the design of compatible economic system to promote the release of data from network nodes, develop the derived value discovery function based on data, and participate in the whole ecological development to promote the data value discovery, exchange costs are falling ? Fine transaction model promotes the fine transaction of data assets through the design of network mechanism. ? SUPPORT HIGH-CONCURRENCY transactions create high-performance extended public block chains support high-concurrency data exchange, the laboratory network environment can reach a million level and become the infrastructure of the future for massive artificial intelligence, Internet of things, and robots for large-scale data acquisition, exchange, edge computing, and computing results exchange? Support data quality verification support automatic verification means such as data sampling, cross-matching, format matching, type recognition, range recognition, etc. . Provide multiple data quality by default while ensuring transaction security, capacity Setting for quantum verification. ? Support for derivative data services that enable programmable model calculations of data, support developers to build more sophisticated data analysis tools in common language and access to panda, and support access to the Oracle network to upgrade the scope of smart contracts ? Cross-chain blockchain services support access to panda for blockchain services with proven solutions for data storage and computing.

3.2 The overall framework panda follows a mature six-tier technology architecture, from top to bottom: data layer, network layer, consensus layer, incentive layer, contract layer and application layer. 
1) Data Layer the Data Layer is the lowest Layer of the entire panda blockchain, which describes the most basic physical form of the panda blockchain. The Panda Blockchain is a blocklinked list of Data structures, including: Panda's block Data, Hasche functions, Merkel Data, asymmetric public private key, Data encryption technology, timestamp technology and other content. 
2) the Network Layer/Network panda blockchain is essentially a Peer-to-peer (P2P) Network, the resources and services in the Network are scattered on all the nodes, the information transfer and services are implemented directly between the nodes, without the intervention of intermediate links or centralized servers. Each node receives and generates information, each node synchronizes information by maintaining a common, common block chain, when one node creates a new block, it notifies the other nodes in the form of a broadcast, after the other nodes receive the information, they validate the block, and create a new block on the basis of the block, thus achieving the role of the whole network in jointly maintaining a bottom account book. Therefore, the network layer will involve the design of P2P networking mechanism, data transmission mechanism, data verification mechanism, and so on, and these designs can affect the confirmation speed of block information, therefore, how to break through the block chain technology is an important research direction. 
3) Consensus Layer/Consensus Layer panda encapsulates Consensus algorithm and Consensus mechanism, which enables highly decentralized nodes to efficiently reach Consensus on the validity of block data in a decentralized blockchain network. It is one of the core technologies of blockchain and the governance mechanism of the blockchain community. Its main purpose is to determine who will do the bookkeeping, and the way of bookkeeping affects the security and reliability of the entire system. 
4) incentive Layer/Actuator Layer is a mining mechanism, which integrates economic factors into blockchain technology and designs a set of economic incentive model, encourages nodes to participate in blockchain security, security verification, including the distribution mechanism and allocation mechanism of economic incentive. The incentive layer mainly appears in the public chain, because the public chain must encourage several points to participate in bookkeeping, and punish the nodes that do not follow the rules, in order to make the whole system toward the direction of a virtuous circle, development. And in a private chain, you don't necessarily need incentives, because the nodes, that are involved in bookkeeping, often play out of the chain, by forcing or volunteering to be involved in bookkeeping. 
5) Contract Layer/Contract Layer the Contract Layer consists of various scripts, codes, algorithms and intelligent contracts. It is the base of block and chain programming. Embedding code into blockchains or tokens, to implement custom, intelligent contracts, that can be executed automatically, without going through a third party, when certain constraints are met, is the foundation of the blockchain's decentralized, trusting machine. In terms of contracts, the first blockchain was not perfect, as bitcoin itself was a simple, single-scripted system that could only be traded and could not be used in other areas or for other, logical processing. (of course, Satoshi originally defined Bitcoin as a point-to-point payment and payment system, not an operating system.). On the other hand, the second generation blockchain, represented by Yitaifang, greatly strengthens the programming language protocol and realizes turing completeness, which can be applied to any function in theory. With an ethernet-based upgrade, anyone can upload and execute any application, and the efficient execution of that application is guaranteed. 
6) the Application Layer/Application Layer is the presentation Layer of the blockchain, encapsulating various Application scenarios and cases of the blockchain, such as applications on computer operating systems, portals on internet browsers, search engines, ECOMMERCE or apps on mobile devices, etc. . The various dapps, built on the panda chain, and so on, and the future of programmable finance and programmable society will be built on top of the application layer.

3.3. Intelligent contract
The idea of a smart contract dates back to 1995, almost at the same time as the World Wide Web. The term 'smart contract' was first coined by Nick Szabo, a cryptographer widely credited with laying the foundation for Bitcoin. Essentially, these automated contracts work like if-then statements in other computer programs. SMART contracts simply interact with real world assets in this way. When a pre-programmed, good condition is triggered, the smart contract executes the corresponding contract terms. In order to realize the function of smart contracts, cryptocurrencies usually need to be supported by consensus mechanism, and in order to make the best use of the open source community's accumulation of smart contract technology and experience, to increase the reuse of smart contracts, the EVM virtual machine from ethereal square is used. Panda's smart contract is fully compatible with Ethereum's smart contract specification, using Java as the development language for smart contracts, through micro-service architecture design and multiple security checks, the mechanism provides a high-performance Secure Execution Sandbox for native Java intelligent contract execution.












